Materials to be kept in LSPC file( All in Print)
#1. Names of your group members
#2. Gantt chart- Self Study and Lecture
#3. Print of the personality test done and report of the same( What awareness did you get of your personality)
#4. Role storming exercise 2- Role of a Teacher.
#5. Mind Map of the skills gained through Role storming Exercises
#6. Networking with Three professionals.One should be through LinkedIn 
#7. Documentation on the Interaction made which should include: workplace skills required, their work experience, activities they have done to enhance their employability, suggestions on different activities to be done during your B.Tech years.
#8. Minutes of the meeting ( which includes the details written in the documentation on interaction with three professionals.
#9. Report based on the interaction with three professionals.
#10. Print out of the dialogue or script of the role play done.
#11. Prepare an action plan on the journey to achieve your goal.
#12. Select a real life problem. Prepare a one page summary on the TED Talks and video lectures from renowned university  you've listened to related to the real life problem, use any online tech forum ( quora , reddit) to gather ideas for solving the problem chosen.Use Six thinking hats to reach a possible solution for the real life problem you've chosen.Prepare a report on what is the real life problem selected,about the TED Talks you listened to,which online tech forum you used and how did you solve the problem using six thinking hats.
#13. Print of- LinkedIn profile,Resume  and link of self introduction video.
#14. Report on instances of demonstration of Emotional Intelligence.
#15. Link of the video presentation on the diversity aspects observed in our society.
#16. Report on how you developed your online interview skills (Robotic interviews).For example:Post your self introduction video in Yoodlie etc) Write a report on how the robot helped you to identify your mistakes and also how to rectify the same, which includes your language, vocabulary, gestures,body language, pronounciation etc.
#17. Prepare a report on how you improved your English Language Communication through tasks like -activities to improve your vocabulary ( task was to write about the image given in not less than ten sentences), activities to identify errors,commonly misspelled words, confusing words and mispronounced words.
#18. Prepare a presentation (PPT) of your experience of using online collaboration tools in various group activities and time management experience as per the Gantt Chart prepared.
#19. Prepare a video content for podcasts on innovative technological interventions tried out in Kerala context by Academicians -example Kite Victers Channel, Govt Agencies-KFON, e-health Kerala,Haritha Kerala Mission, Marine Conservation,Smart Waste Management, PRIVATE Agencies - ROBOTIC SURGERY ( Choose any one innovative technological intervention), Upload the video content to podcasting Platforms. Add the link of the video to your LinkedIn Profile.( Take a print out of the name of the innovative technological intervention you used, name the podcast  where you uploaded your video content and the link of the video)
#20. Prepare a self reflection report on the experience gained after doing the experiments in Mechanical Lab.( Focus on the six experiments done- drilling practice using electric hand drilling machines, Cutting of MS rod and flat using electric hand cutters, Filing , finishing and smoothening using  electrically operated hand Grinders, MS rod cutting using Hacksaw by holding the work in bench wise, different types of measuring instruments and Welding of MS ,SS workpieces.(  Write an introduction as to when, where and what you did in the lab. Each experiment to be written in one and half pages with images if possible.)
#21. Keep the JOURNAL.( Handwritten)
#22. Keep the videos in Drive.
